docs: Add coding_guidelines.md (#2968)
iovisor/bpftrace: docs/developers.md

What usually helps, is restarting the CI. This is simple on your own fork but
requires one of the maintainers for pull requests.

## Coding guidelines

> This is not about what the source code looks like. Rather, it's about the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is not about the format of the source code (we have clang-format). Rather, it's about the
```
